c-libraries|C Libraries
text-terminal|Text + Terminal
gtk2-gtk3|GTK2 + GTK3
core-network|Core Network
base-security|Base Security
curl-3-4|Curl (3 + 4)
core-perl|Core Perl
core-python|Core Python
gcrypt-gnupg|GCrypt + GnuPG
core-data|Core Data
apt-build|Apt + Build
python-ruby|Python + Ruby
themes-assist|Themes + Assist
core-desktop|Core Desktop
core-security|Core Security
core-hardware|Core Hardware
core-disks|Core Disks
core-startup|Core Startup
networking|Networking
core-system|Core System
fonts-print|Fonts + Print
data-types|Data Types
core-graphics|Core Graphics
media-devices|Media Devices
core-display|Core Display
x11-proto-xcb|X11 Proto + XCB
x11-framework|X11 Framework
xorg-xserver|X.Org X Server
qt4-framework|Qt4 Framework
qt5-framework|Qt5 Framework
kde-framework|KDE Framework
core-audio|Core Audio
multimedia|Multimedia
applications|Applications
